	I used the index.html file provided. I appended a table to my web page and then added new rows of data for each UFO sighting. I included a column for everything required in the assignment as well as the duration in minutes. I used a date form in my HTML document. I wrote JavaScript code that would listen for events and search through the date/time column to find rows that match user input.
	The way I wrote my code the person using the webpage would have to enter a date and then press the “Filter Table” button to find that particular date as well as the city, state, country, shape, duration, and comments associated with that date. The image of the UFO shows up on the left corner of the web page. After searching for a specific date, the person using the webpage would be able to return to the original webpage by clicking on the “UFO Sightings” button located on the top left corner of the web page.
	I used the d3.select function in my code. This function is used to select the first element that matches the specified selector string. If an element is not matched then it would return an empty selection. I also used the var statement to declare a variable. I gave it a value property in my code, because otherwise the variable would be empty and have no value.
	The webpage created neatly displays the date of the UFO sighting. Following the date is the city, state, and country. Following that is the shape of the sighting. After that is the duration of the sighting, followed by the comments. I think it is important that the columns are in this specific order to make it most convenient for the person who is reading the webpage. 
	When I was writing code for my Level 2 part of the assignment, I wrote code so that the user can set multiple filters and search for UFO sightings using various criteria based on the table columns. The columns are date/time, city, state, country, and shape. This is very useful for when somebody wants to see when a specific variable (one of the columns) occurred in this dataset. Filtering by state may also be very helpful in trying to explain where it is most likely for a UFO sighting to occur. Comparing the duration of time that UFO sighting took place between states is also something that may be very helpful in determining where more people are likely to see a UFO sighting, assuming that the longer the sighting occurs the more people are able to view it.
	I learned a lot about using JavaScript while completing this assignment. I was able to declare variables. I was able to define functions. I was able to use the D3 library to visualize data. I feel like completing this assignment is extremely helpful to me coding in JavaScript in the workplace.
